With today’s vibrations, you can see, when
you are prepared for a puja, how much you get.
Today you can feel it.
So the Divine is very anxious to act, only
thing you have to prepare yourself.
And all these preparations are going to help
you tremendously.
As we are now Sahaja Yogis we have to know
that we have become something different from
what we were.
We are Yogis, we are higher people than others.
And as such we have to understand one thing
that we are not like other human beings who
say something and do something, who can live
with hypocrisy.
That’s why all the problems have arisen
out of all the religions.
A person who says he’s a Christian he’s
absolutely anti-Christ; who says who is Islamic,
he’s absolutely anti-Mohammed; who says
who is a Hindu is absolutely anti Shri Krishna.
This is the main reason why all the religions
have failed so far because human beings talk
big of ideals.
They all say that we have this ideal, that
ideal, but they are not those ideals, they
cannot live with those ideals.
The ideals are not in their lives, they’re
outside.
But they go about saying that these are our
ideals, they become fanatics but they are
not the ideals.
By Sahaja Yoga now you have the method, you
have the possibility, that you can become
the ideals.
The ideal has to first to be understood through
your brains, in the West specially.
What are the ideals we have become or we have
to become, what we can achieve, this idea
you must have.
And secondly you must have a capacity to deepen
your
meditative power so that these ideals go and
settle in your heart as a part and parcel
of your being, that you can’t live without
these ideals.
We can take an example say of Christ.
For Christ He and His ideals were the same,
there’s no difference between them.
He did not talk of one thing, did another
thing and executed the third.
This will be the difference between the Sahaja
Yogis and non Sahaja Yogis, that whatever
are your ideals have to be expressed in your
life every moment because you are that.
If you are gold, then gold is gold all the
time.
It is not gold sometimes, then sometimes iron
and sometimes mud, it is gold all the time.
Only human beings are like that, that sometimes
they can be snakes, lions and could be foxes
also.
But as Sahaja Yogis you become pure human
beings and this is what we have to know.
It is not difficult to strive for it, it’s
not difficult, because now you have the power
to deepen your roots to your heart.
So the brain must be used to understand clearly
what are the ideals of a Sahaja Yogi.
What are the things that a Sahaja Yogi should
do, how he should behave in life, what methods
he should follow.
And then he has to bring it to his heart through
meditative processes, through surrendering.
How I give you second birth you know very
well.
I conceive you in My heart, otherwise I cannot
do it.
Because My heart is so pure, it cleanses you;
by compassion My love cleanses you and then
I can take you out of My Sahastrara, otherwise
how will I do that?
And when that is happened you have become
a new personality.
So you are very different from all others
because a Spirit has given birth to your Spirit.
You have been cleansed by the Spirit.
So you cannot live like that, like all other
human beings are living.
All the clashes, all the problems of human
beings are because they are not what they
talk, ideals are out, out of their life.
That is how a Sahaja Yogi will show himself
off compared to anybody else.
Take an example say of Abraham Lincoln, all
right?
Abraham Lincoln believed that everybody must
have freedom and the government should be
for the public, for the people.
Whatever He talked He practised it.
Whatever He believed in He worked it out and
gave His life for it, that’s why He’s
a great man.
Think of Mahatma Gandhi, they were not like
Christ – incarnations.
Think of any great man, think of Shivaji Maharaj,
any one of the saints – they were human
beings.
But once they knew this is the principle on
which we have to live, they become one with
the principles, they do not compromise.
So what Sahaja Yogi has to be that we should
understand.
A Sahaja Yogi is a person who has got Realization
through the Kundalini, and Kundalini is the
motherhood in you, is the caring, nourishing
power within you.
But mother will never compromise with the
son; if he wants to kill somebody she’ll
say: “No.
” I mean a real mother.
She will even shoot that son who tries to
do wrong things.
In the same way if you become the mother of
yourself, then you have to look after yourself,
in the same manner that you nourish yourself
and all others also, you have to nourish them,
care for them, and do not compromise with
wrong doings, unrighteousness things, absurd
things.
Now when I tell you this it is not necessary
for you to feel guilty.
We have to look upward.
Those who are standing even on a lower staircase,
if they are looking upward they are all right,
but those who are standing at a higher steps,
and looking downward, will go down.
So look forward.
What we have to do in our day-to-day life
in simple relationships even husband, wife,
children, parents – are you becoming silent
within yourself?
Are you nourishing it, with your silence,
with your compassion, or you are supporting
something that is absolutely anti-God?
If you become the ideals, the power of ideals
itself, will make you so dynamic that you
don’t need to consult anybody, you become
the ideal.
They are like torches.
Your ideals itself will be enlightened.
So the first attitude should be: “How do
we deepen ourselves?”
That should be first attitude.
Now say a husband, wife are quarrelling morning
till evening they cannot be Sahaja Yogis.
Absurdities.
If they are quarrelling they are not Sahaja
Yogis, take it for granted.
Now what you have to do if two persons are
quarrelling, the one who is a Sahaja Yogi
will leave that wife: “I have nothing to
do with wife, I have no wife nothing.
” Keep out, detach completely from within.
Just don’t talk to that wife.
Don’t discuss, don’t bother about it,
just detach.
If the son is like that just detach, up to
a point but no quarrelling, no argument nothing.
Complete silence, a silent protest, must be
developed.
But in that silence you should not be a cowardly
person.
So many people are cowards, and that cowardliness,
they think is their silent process.
A person who is really powerful will not deter,
will not be aggressive but will not also take
aggression.
So in your meditations you have to sit down.
Now what do you say in meditation?
Try to see all the chakras.
What chakras are catching, face it yourself.
These might be from your past life.
Some chakras are weak.
Try to make them all right, try to strengthen
them.
Because ideals have to be worked out the instrument
has to be all right.
If the instrument is a crazy one how will
you do?
So first of all you must develop your instrument
properly, it should be balanced, powerful,
not cowardly.
People should feel your power.
Of course the power is of love, but love doesn’t
mean that you compromise with all the nonsensical
things.
There should be no compromise at all.
It’s a very self-certifying state.
We cannot say when it is so, we just cannot
say.
Itself the state will certify that I’m all
right now, I have reached that state.
We cannot say after five hours, three minutes,
two seconds you’ll become that.
You just mature and you see that maturity
within you.
Once you understand that unless and until
you become your ideals you are not a Sahaja
Yogi.
Everybody can call themselves Sahaja Yogis,
there’s not inauguration, we don’t have
any sort of a – inauguration of a university
where people can come and get their degrees
and diplomas: “All right you are certified
twice born.
” There are some who are several times twice
born.
They are twice born today, tomorrow they are
not, then again they come twice born and again
twice born.
Some of them can be one hundred and eight
times twice born in Sahaja Yoga.
And even then they are not certified.
So you have to give yourself a certificate.
There’s no university to do that.
You have to understand yourself, what are
your problems, why you are behaving like this?
You treat yourself as a child.
When it is needed you have to rebuke yourself.
When you have to glorify, you should glorify
yourself.
So now you separate.
You become the mother, the Spirit is the mother,
and you, whatever you are which has to grow,
is the child.
Mother is the ideal, she is the inspiration,
she is the power, and the child is the recipient.
If the child is an obstinate fellow then you
can’t do anything about it.
Also find out – you might be one of them.
I know who are they like that.
There are many and you can find them out in
no time.
Obstinate fellows, if they live with ten people
suddenly we hear reports of their existence.
They are quite eloquent even if they are not
talking a word people can tell you: “I had
a fight with such and such.
That person said such and such a thing to
me, that person was so cruel to me, that person
demanded this.
” You know which person it is, where.
You see as a diamond can be made out thorns
can be made out, also anytime you go near
the thorn, anyone without exception, it will
bite everyone.
It is not going to spare, it’s a thorn.
So a thorn has to be a thorn.
But if you are a Sahaja Yogi you have to be
a flower and a strong flower and an eternal
flower, that always grows, does not fade out.
Always growing, never fades, such a flower
you have to be, then you will be surprised
that you do not get into a trip of ego, neither
you go into a complete collapse of super-ego.
So much you know that any one of you can be
called as a scholar I can tell you.
I mean so many times people have asked Me:
“Are they all scholars that You have – Your
Disciples?”
You know so much, much more than any Saint
ever knew I can assure you.
But you know only in the brain, outside.
It’s all bla bla bla.
It comes to the brain, you use it to show
off to others, and finished.
It doesn’t even settle down there, then
how will it go to the heart?
So everybody is talking big, they can impress
people.
I mean if some journalists come here they’ll
be so impressed by the Sahaja Yogis, so many
wise men in England sitting down here.
But you laugh at yourself; you have known
all this because I’ve been speaking too
much.
Also the Spirit is shining.
Let your Spirit shine in such a way that people
know this is a man who is completely integrated:
the Spirit, the talk, the behavior, the life
itself is completely integrated and this is
what is Sahastrara.
So if there is no integration you have not
achieved your Sahastrara.
There will be no need to pull your ears.
A day should come when you all will raise
your heads with great pride and glory because
your ideals will shine like ornaments.
I want to see those days when all those who
claim to be Sahaja Yogis become that.
That’s the most important thing, all other
things are useless.
Getting an ashram, getting this, doing this,
doing that – forget it.
What you have to manage is this child which
has to grow, who is still naughty sometimes,
tries to misbehave.
Now put it right.
You give it a name.
You call yourself a Sahaja Yogi and that child
as Mr.
X, Mr.
Y whatever your name has been and always try
to tell: “Now will you behave yourself.
” Get up in the morning, have your bath,
sit down for meditation.
“I feel lazy,” the child says, “I can’t.
” Then you accept the child, then the child
will become the mother and you will be losing
your powers – excuses.
The child knows, very intelligent, it’s
a very clever child, extremely intelligent,
knows how to deceive you.
But the child also knows innately what it
needs.
If it comes to know that the mother in you
has developed that personality, then it accepts
mother’s personality.
But if the child knows the mother herself
is weak then he starts taking advantage of
the mother.
So you have to not fight yourself but to tame
and this is very easy.
You’ll start enjoying it, looking at yourself:
“Oh Mr.
so and so.
” Then you won’t be angry.
“I know how to handle you, you’re hiding
behind there, all right, giving excuses.
” And the child grows big, so big that mother
sees that and is amazed.
Like in Shri Krishna’s childhood, the Mother
was Yeshoda and the child was Shri Krishna.
It’s very symbolic.
And He used to play very naughty tricks and
She said: “You went and ate that mud from
there.
I know you have eaten.
” He said: “How can I eat, how can I,
I can’t even go out of the house.
I’m sitting down here.
Where is the mud?
How can I eat?”
“You did eat, I know you have eaten, so
better show me your mouth.
” He says: “Really?” and then the mouth
opens and the complete Vishwa Swarup, complete
vision of the whole Vishwa She sees and the
Mother falls at His Feet.
That’s what it should be.
This mother has to fall at the feet of the
child that has grown.
Very symbolic.
That is how you have to grow, into that Vishwa
Swarup.
Into that Collective Being, into that Virata.
Arjuna and Shri Krishna is another very good
symbolic thing.
Arjuna was a friend who used to take liberties
with Shri Krishna.
Shri Krishna tried to tell him about Gita,
all these things.
But still Shri Krishna could not convince
him of that.
All these were just outside “bla bla bla’s”;
as Mother’s talks are.
Mother’s talks are very entertaining you
know very humorous, nice to hear them, instead
of listening to any music better to hear Mother’s
talks.
And then the people think if they are listening
to Mother they have become Mother already.
That’s it happened to Arjuna also but still
he found out that there’s something lacking
in him, that he has not become the ideal.
Still his attention is not there as it should
have been.
So he asked Shri Krishna: “I think I’ll
see your great image.
” Krishna said: “All right are you prepared?”
He said “Yes, I am prepared.
” And then He became the Virata, the vision
of the Virata and when he saw it, he said:
“Stop it, it is too much for me.
”
That’s what should happen to your friend
who is this child.
That it should become that Virata and when
you see that, should be amazed at yourself:
“Oh God, I have grown like this.
” Just like Yeshoda falling at the feet
of the little child, you have to fall at the
feet of the child that is within you.
I am sure this will happen now.
So remember that no argument, no explanation.
Mother is forgiving.
She’ll forgive you everything, you know
that.
Anything you do I’ll forgive you, even if
you murder Me I’ll forgive you, but you
won’t be able to forgive yourself.
So allow that child to grow, grow fully.
Shri Mataji : Who-why all the children’
are crying like this?
Shri Mataji : Why is it crying?
Which child is that?
Sahaja Yogi : Aarti.
Shri Mataji : Hum.
Aarti has a problem.
Take Aarti out, you must clear her, She has
had problems for so many days.
You must clear that child.
Take her out for a while.
Still screaming, better take her out.
You must look after them and find out what’s
wrong with your children if they are crying.
I know what are the children still not all
right.
Just don’t pamper their ego.
Work it out.
Clear them out.
It’s important.
Don’t want to be bhootish.
All their lives they’ll be bhootish like
this.
I’ve seen many children who are like this.
They see Me, they cry, weep, shout.
It’s not a sign of a healthy child.
Rajesh’s son would not even look at Me,
used to scream and shout.
Now look at him how nice he’s become.
So any child who is like that you don’t
say that, don’t avoid the topic.
Look after that child, put him right.
You have to see that the child is all right.
As you have to put your child all right also
put the child which is really your son and
do not live with that kind of a misunderstanding.
If a child cries like that there’s something
wrong with the child.
They are singled out.
If you find your attention is going here and
there, if you are not attentive in the program
something wrong with you also.
If you go off to sleep something very seriously
wrong with you.
At that time if you are thinking of other
things then something wrong with you.
You get headaches, something wrong with you.
Judge yourself, clear out, you must clear
out, that’s very important.
If you are still getting into tempers, irritation,
anger, there’s no balance that has come
in you, something wrong with you.
If you know how to control your anger, then
it’s all right.
You’ll find out everywhere how negativity
works in small things.
Everybody’s improving but it’s rather
slow.
It can be very fast if you meditate, that’s
very important.
You have to know how to make your chakras
all right.
Your mantras are to be siddhis.
Mantras are to be such that they should not
be mechanical, just saying something mechanically.
You should say it from your heart.
Again, if you do not say mantras through your
heart, mantra is not siddha – means you
may go on saying hundred times, it will have
no effect.
Siddha mantra is that, that you say that,
it has an effect, it works.
If it does not work then your mantra has no
meaning.
So the development has to be within and without
and you have to certify yourself.
Nobody else going to certify you.
If you want to give yourself a false certificate
go ahead.
If you want to cheat yourself go ahead.
It’s not going to help anyone.
But if you want to really have the joy and
the bliss of the grace of Heavenly Father,
then come out of it.
Many misidentifications that are there have
to be given up to enjoy that beauty.
It’s such a great day today to meet you
all.
Today is a day we celebrate in India where
relationship between brothers and sisters
has to be established.
They’re very pure.
Brothers and sisters relationship is without
any lust or greed.
It’s pure relationship where the sister
prays for the protection of the brother and
brother prays for the self-sufficiency of
the kshema – well-being of the sister.
So this time you have to think of your other
Sahaja Yoginis and Sahaja Yogis who are like
your brothers and sisters.
You have to think like that.
Purify your hearts.
It’s something funny in these countries
you know that there’s no such relationship
exists.
Purify your mind today on that point, that
everybody else is my brother or sister.
If you are married it’s all right.
But look at everyone, try to look at everyone
as a brother, and a sister.
Both relationships don’t exist.
This is a funny country where there is no
relationship which is pure.
It’s such a filth I tell you.
If you read them you can’t believe it, such
perversion.
Specially innocent people like children are
attacked.
Think of them as virgins.
Be careful.
And the young girls should know that they
are virgins.
If they go about with boys and they are Sahaja
Yogis, they’re not.
Sahaja Yoginis have to be chaste women, powerful,
chastity is their power and men too.
After Sahaja Yoga men should become conscious
of their chastity, that is their power too.
You see this was nomadic times when the men
used to go for hunting and women used to cook
in the house.
Men were supposed to have five women – they
were nomadic people, then they became sophisticated.
Then the monogamy started which reached a
certain point.
Then again this kind of an abandoned life
started.
This is nomadic life.
Now women also have become nomadic.
Men and women are all nomadic and primitive.
After sophistication they have become primitive,
this is the problem is.
But now you have to become higher beings where
there are pure relationships.
Any relationships, supposing there was something
in between Me and this instrument, we cannot
use it.
Any connection can be cut off if there is
something in between.
To have the best connection is to have pure
relationships and it should be discretionary.
Mother is a mother, father is a father, sister
is a sister, brother is a brother, all these
are different, various types of relationships
should be understood.
Women must understand they are women and men
must understand they are men.
Also relationship to yourself is very important.
Women should not try to be men – we cannot,
and men should not try to be women.
Is wrong.
Because basically they are different people.
They are born differently.
What is the difference?
A man is more meticulous, he knows more about
machines, details about it.
A woman will see the pattern.
Woman will listen to the tune more, man will
be seeing to the instruments.
That’s the nature God has created you.
After all somebody has to see this and somebody
has to see that, both are beautiful.
Nobody is higher or lower, but enjoy yourself
as being a woman, enjoy yourself as being
a man.
But man does not mean that you aggress women
thinking stupidly that you are higher than
woman in evolution.
Or women dominating men thinking that by dominating
them they can put them right.
They have never put them right by that.
They have gone absolutely cabbages, men have
become cabbages.
Wherever women dominate, men become cabbages.
They have not put them right.
So both the qualities must be nourished and
developed and the relationship between man
and woman should be of pure love.
Once you start purifying yourself these things
will automatically work out and you’ll respect
each other.
Actually you are all yogis.
I have to respect you and you have to respect
each other.
On the contrary I find there is no respect.
You are all great saints.
Yes, you are.
Respect, respect each other.
You’re not to talk harshly to anyone, to
trouble anyone.
Try to do as much as possible for others.
This is the way we have to change.
This has no brand, of any culture, is the
culture of God we are talking about, is the
culture of His Kingdom.
Where we give others, enjoy giving, doing
for others, loving others, caring for others
– without any return.
If you little bit help yourself the Divine
is very anxious.
You have seen today that the vibrations are
so much that really I am finding it difficult
even to talk to you, sucking, it’s going
on.
Just a little thing you did yesterday, or
this morning.
Tremendous vibrations, and you’ll be thrown
into that, you’ll blossom into something.
Just pay attention to yourself and first and
foremost respect yourself because you are
a yogi.
You cannot be indignified, you cannot be stupid,
you cannot be high handed, you cannot be dishonest.
You have to be a sweet, matured personality
because you are a yogi.
I mean you should call yourself Yogi X, Y,
Z.
Should, you are – but calling Yogi and fighting
and pulling each other’s hair, then I would
say it’s better not call.
Try to get rid of your problems which are
very simple.
If you cannot, then tell Me.
I will tell you how to get rid of them.
Face them out.
May God bless you all!
Now today we’ll not have any havan, that
we have decided because in the Diwali there
is no need to have any havan but we’ll have
just the puja.
Now today is the puja – as you know there
are five days they celebrate Diwali.
The first day is the thirteenth day where
it is the gruhalaksmi’s day, that is the
day when the gruhalaksmi is worshipped.
But a gruhalakshmi has to be worthy of the
worship, and then some utensil is given to
the gruhalakshmi.
Some sort of a utensil is to be given to the
gruhalakshmi as a present.
That is the day Lakshmi was born, Lakshmi
was born out of the Mother Earth.
Out of the, we should say, Mother Earth but
She came out of the sea after the churning,
so that is the birth of the Lakshmi.
She’s the giver of wealth, wealth which
is material as well as spiritual.
A wife who says that: “All right you save
all the money,” teaches the children to
be selfish and teaches the husband to be selfish,
to save all the money in the bank and not
to be charitable is not a Lakshmi.
She’s the One who teaches you how to be
charitable, how to give to others.
A woman who is very particular about her money
and bank balances is not a Lakshmi at all.
She has to spend.
She’s there to spend.
Man has to preserve his money but the woman
has to spend.
He has to earn for she has to spend, but rightly,
spend it rightly, not only for herself but
for the family, but for the husband.
She thinks: “What should I buy for my husband,
for my children, for other Sahaja Yogis, for
other people?” – all her job.
The husband earns and gives it to her and
she does that.
It’s a very sweet distribution I think.
So that’s the day of the Gruhalakshmi when
She’s born.
She must have these qualities, if she’s
a miserly, calculating type of a woman she
is not a woman at all to begin with.
If she’s worried about her own clothes and
her own comforts and her own things then she’s
not a Gruhalakshmi.
She makes others work and sits down herself
and orders about – she’s not a Gruhalakshmi
at all.
She has to work for others, she has to do
for others, she has to look after.
That’s the thirteenth day.
Then the fourteenth day is the day when Narakasura
was killed.
You know Narakasura has taken his birth and
he’s to be killed – the Sahaja Yogis are
going to kill him.
You have to come up to a point and definitely
he can be killed.
When Kartikeya is awakened within you he can
be killed.
But for that you have to be just like gold,
untarnishable.
You need strong people to do that.
A sword that can kill him has to come out
of your metals, then Narakasura can be killed.
He is one of the worst possible asura.
That is the fourteenth day.
When he was killed the gate of hell was opened
and all those who were his disciples or his
followers or satanic people were put.
That’s the only day you can sleep late,
and a good news for you.
Then the fifteenth day, is the darkest night
which we had, darkest night, that is the night
when you put the lights on because it is the
darkest night the negative forces can walk
in.
So the lights are put because Lakshmi can
come in.
You’ll be surprised how Lakshmiji is, that
if a bottle of wine enters from one end She
disappears from another.
If there’s a lady, she’s bhootish in the
family, they can never have the enjoyment
of Lakshmi.
The Lakshmiji runs away from them.
They may have money but they cannot enjoy.
The Lakshmiji will run away.
Such a person will be so inauspicious I tell
you.
Supposing you want to, say, buy something
and such a bhootish person telephones to you-
cannot get it, finished.
First of all your ears will be finished with
the poison and then whatever work you are
doing you’ll never be successful.
Now this country is so full of such bhootish
women – alakshmis, that I don’t know how
will they become all right.
The women have to decide to get rid of their
bhoots and not to carry on with them.
They must meditate, they must try, if they
feel sleepy they must go and have a bath,
go twice, thrice, sometimes burning yourself
a little bit, doesn’t matter.
See to it that you don’t feel sleepy and
dreamy.
If you are dreamy by nature then you are bhootish.
That’s the responsibility of women to keep
the Lakshmi intact.
So that’s the Lakshmi Day when we say that
Lakshmi Puja takes place because that is the
day you invite the Lakshmi to come in, the
Rajalakshmi, the Lakshmi by which you become
the king of the family, or the royal benevolence
you can call it, the regal feeling in the
family – that is the day.
Then comes the day, next to that is the first
of the month in…
That is the calendar, My forefathers, because
you’re all My children you have to use the
same calendar, Shalivahanas calendar and that
is the first day of the Shalivahanas calendar.
And what do they do in the morning time to
celebrate it?
They take one of these jars, Aquarius and
put a shawl with it and that is put as a flag,
representing the Aquarius and the shawl of
the Mother.
That’s why they are called as Shalivahana
– the ones who carry the shawls of the Mother,
the “carriers of the shawls of the Mother”.
That’s how they put it up.
The shawl on top of the Aquarius.
This should be actually the flag of the Sahaja
Yogis that you make it the Aquarius or we
can say the jar [- what do you call that pitcher?
Or not pitcher but this lota business what
do you call that – there’s nothing used
like that here.
That one is kumbha – we can call in kumbha
and the shawl is there so they put it up.
That’s why they] (FV note: The section between
square brackets was not found on either my
audio tape or mp3 file, and hence could not
be verified.
) call as Gudi Padwa, Padwa means first day
of the moon is Padwa, and Gudi means “this”.
So they put it up and that is how they say
that today is the New Year day for the Shalivahanas.
Shawl is the covering of your Mother which
gives it warmth and also it covers Her modesty.
Shawl is a sign of regality and modesty and
chastity.
So you stand for that of your Mother.
You protect it like Ganesha does.
Only on one point He gets angry, if anybody
says or does anything against the Mother,
then He comes down.
That’s why Christ has said: “Anything
against Me I’ll tolerate, but anything against
the Holy Ghost, will not be forgiven.
” That’s the Son talking about the Mother,
that’s what happens.
So today is the second day.
Second day is the Bija – is the they call
it the Bhav-bija is the day when the brother
and the sister, who are the seeds of one tree
have that pure exchange of affection.
The sister does the aarti of the brother,
gives him a tika and then brother gives her
something as a token of his love, as a present.
In Bombay we started that and they have made
sisters and brothers.
I wish you also could find out somebody as
a nice brother.
But I found that these relationships have
been so beautifully managed in India that
if they could be managed here, it will be
a great day of really ecstasy for Me, because
that means you have overcome this devil of
immorality.
The purity, removing the lust and greed from
your mind completely and bestowing that affection
for someone who is your sister.
Very common in India, everybody has a sister
there; all the Sahaja Yogis have a sister
and they look after their sister that way.
Is a very sweet feeling and a sister is treated
– like Raulbai is a sister of Dumas you
can imagine, and her sister is treated with
the same grace as the own sister is to be
treated with all the relationships and everything.
So this is the fifth day is Dwija.
So from thirteenth to the fifth day they celebrate
Diwali.
For us Diwali has a very great significance.
That is, from one light many lights are awakened
and they are put in a line, so they are called
as Diwali – means ‘the lights put in a
line’.
So when you hold My Hands together all of
us – through that the energy passes and
the enlightened rasa is established, and the
whole world has to become that beautiful reign
of your Mother where nothing but the bliss
of your Father and His enjoyment when He sees
His Own Creation dancing in that Ocean of
Bliss.
May God bless you.